>> Steve Kinney: I still have the problem
that none of this persists, and
maybe that's okay.
Maybe this is a temporary application.
It's not supposed to
hold on to that stuff.
But it also seems like a really great
excuse to talk about using native modules.
So [LAUGH], here we are.
So let's talk a little bit about
the state of native modules in
Electron applications in general.
And then we'll talk about a little
bit in specific with Electron-Forge.
Because some of that is taken care for
us already.
But you might have an Electron application
that you're working with that doesn't use
Electron-Forge and stuff like that.
So it's good to talk about how it works
and how to understand what's going on.
All right, cool.
Talk a little bit about,
we saw electron compile,
and electron compile was a library
that let you transpile Babble and
TypeScript and SASS and
stuff to JavaScript and CSS respectively.
Electron-rebuild solves
a slightly different problem.
The problem is the version
of Node on your system
is different than the version of
Node Electron that you're using.
With Electron, one of the great
things is that we are taking our
own version of Chrome and our own version
of Node and sending it to our users.
They don't even, like somebody who
downloads Slack does not need to have
Node installed on their computer, right?
There is a version of Node bundled
with the Slack application, right?
And that is really great.
The problem is, when you do an MPM
install, if it is a compiled module,
right, most modules are compiled
against a given version of V8 for
a given architecture, right?
But more importantly the given
version of V8, which is if you've ever
like you have maybe,
Node Sass is usually the one bites me.
You do an NPM install, then you NVM
to a different version of Node.
You start up the application,
it blows up cuz Node Sass is very angry,
cuz it's compiled for Node V8,
not Node V9, so on and so forth.
Yeah, if you have a complied module
compiled against the wrong version of V8,
it doesn't work.
So this is a problem,
because if you do an NPM install,
it's going to be the same
as the one on your system.
Which would work if the version of
Electron that you happen to be using
has the exact same version of Node as the
version of Node running on your system.
Chances of that happening?
Not great.
So, that's our problem.
The solution is we use electron-rebuild
which is over on line 19 in this
package JSON as a post install step,
right?
So after we do an NPM install for
whatever it is.
Whether it's Node Sass,
whether it's the SQLite driver that
we're gonna be using in a second.
Whatever it is, go ahead and
recompile it for
the version of Electron cuz that's
where we're gonna be using it.
So what it does is, yeah,
you go ahead and install everything and
then it actually builds
it against Electron.
So that solves our problem of having the
version that we installed different from
the version the Electron needs.
It just gives us the version
that Electron needs.
This is so useful and
such a good idea that it is built
into Electron Forge by default.
Right, and so if you watch those
little check boxes, as we started,
it was like checking
native dependencies or
something along those lines, it was doing
that when we started up the application.
This is generally speaking a PSA
that I'm doing right now to
basically just make the point of,
if you're not using Electron Forge,
and you're like I watched this workshop,
I inherited this app, or I have an app,
I'm just choosing not to use it, whatever.
And now I went to go use SQLite, cuz Steve
told me I could, and everything blows up.
This is the very useful PSA that I am
cleared of all responsibility for
that, so that's better.